hey everybody it's Chicka Connor walk
like four more Super Mario RPG lives in
seven stars as I promised we're opening
up with a level up here and nice toads
to learn come back that is like a
pick-me-up in the form of an ability see
here I guess I'll give her attacking
defense on this one alright let's keep
on going through here we got alright
if I remember there is a really obscure
secret in this room we used to walk
along the barrels in a really like I
think it's a oh god what am I supposed
to do hang on oh god I got to think here
um I think it's we choose to walk along
the barrels in a counterclockwise motion
I don't know hang on a second let's go
ahead take out these Jews before you run
away get zapped nice
okay now I get it supposed to do this do
this
and so I didn't know - Oh suit
counterclockwise
now remember was this it I'm having a
really tough time here
hands I gotta bear back
all right Mar got a level up I guess
that's kind of cool Marlon ultra jump
which is like the super gem except you
can target multiple enemies with it
anyway though I'm gonna keep trying to
do that whole thing with the barrels
hang on okay I feel like an idiot now
that I'm back you're supposed to just go
through over here and there's door under
here I thought you're just a walk along
the barrel some motion because like I
was I heard about the safety ring
someone told me about in a private
message and I didn't know about it the
safety ring is a very good accessory but
anyway I had no idea how to get it
somebody told me about it and everything
and I looked it up and the site that I
looked it up on made it sound like I
needed to do something the safety ring
is basically just a it's a very
important it's a pretty good accessory I
guess you know I guess give it to genome
is going to be using Gino a lot it's a
pretty good accessory actually just like
the safety badge anyway after that long
delay of trying to find that we're gonna
keep going keeps killing the barrels
skills and battles we get here are
what's going on here
who are you makes me feel a home I'm a
1-piece fan what you're looking for a
star I'll let you see stars are anyway
you're out of luck you see whatever
falls into the sea becomes Johnny's
property got that midday
one last thing read my lips we ain't
letting me through got it yeah yeah yeah
your guys are all talk mallow
thunderbolt
die wow that was even easier than I
thought it would be that is sad need a
little routine and you learn snowy very
cool I love you Matt oh you're gonna get
special on this level up and I'm gonna
go and show snowy in the next fight are
you're stronger than you look better
warn the upper deck come on mates
actually I think I'll wait to show snowy
Apple foil mushroom uh we're gonna
probably want to switch back to G no uh
maybe G no hang on let me think this
over
yeah I guess I use genome like gave him
the safety ring you know to go of it
alright where's the intruder I don't see
him did he get away there he is get em
boys here this is on us nice through the
barrel when I hit the Roman what the how
dare you dodge the barrel how dare you
guys be idiots how'd you get up here so
fast
we're luck has run out and take kindly
to strangers here whatever now you die
come on you know you can do it probably
sure to kept mal on my party in just
insta-kill well but I guess this will be
a time a shock same as a regular egg
actually um let's go ahead and use ultra
jump first time I get to show this off
it's just like your super jump except
you hit you get to control what enemy
hit the first time then after that you
just hit random enemies every time it's
a cool attack you know same as super
demyx if you hit multiple enemies it's
pretty good actually and they're all
gone now that we've done that I think
we're actually close to the boss all
right Jean oh very cool you rock ng a
blast awesome
conceal 14
I think we get HP on this little oh I
don't know um all right you're pretty
tough mate now right oh let's go through
to Johnny's place all right up for this
fight oh I have nine hundred ninety nine
points I'm just gonna make sure that I'm
all healed up
see you're special eh you go ahead and
use pug I guess just to our Hill Mario
by one let's go ahead and use one of my
flower jars more FP okay well actually
this is going to be a short video I'm
going to cut this right here you get
we're going to wear on a two part an
update schedule so it's not any huge
loss having a short part once all right
so because the boss in the next room I'm
going to cut this part right here okay
so I guess if you liked this video
subscribe is up the corner big little it
and giving it rose to these demos video
and sharing one it's alright in the next
part we're gonna fight John a for the
fifth star piece all right so you guys
later